338 docs rfc the other half of the docs (#4199)
timescale/docs: _partials/_migrate_dump_mst.md

</Procedure>

> ## Migrate the roles from TimescaleDB to your Tiger Cloud service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Migrate the roles from TimescaleDB to your $SERVICE_LONG
```

Roles manage database access permissions. To migrate your role-based security hierarchy to your $SERVICE_LONG:
<Procedure>

<MigrationProcedureDumpSchemaMST />

</Procedure>

> ## Upload your data to the target Tiger Cloud service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Upload your data to the target $SERVICE_LONG
```

</Procedure>

> ## Validate your Tiger Cloud service and restart your app

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Validate your $SERVICE_LONG and restart your app
```
